# GitNow
A virtual version control system which simulates the functionality of real version control systems like GitHub.

--- General logic:
	The program starts by creating the context where all the operations are
going to be processed. After the cration of the root folder, the input is
parsed and, for every line, the corresponding operation is executed. Every
error that occurs when executing an operation is signaled in the output of the
program. Some commands may create an output (examples: ls, vcs status, log).
Every entity in the program (file, directory, commit or branch) is an object
and does not have a representation on the hard disk.
	The file system operations are executed on the current snapshot the
program runs on. The vcs operations may change that snapshot, but every commit
has his own file system snapshot.

--- filesystem package
	The package contains classes used for creating and managing the files and
directories in snapshots and has also classes designed for executing specific
file system operations.

--- utils package
	This package contains the classes needed for the correct running of the
methods contained in the filesystem and vcs packages. These classes read the
input, parse the commands and execute the corresponding operations. They also
assure the management for the error codes generated by operations, the
automatic generating ids for files/directories and commits and the access to
the output file. The instance of the Context class is the point which handles
all the execution of the program after eneting in the main method by
initialising the vcs environment and running the commands from the input.

--- vcs package
	The package manages the branches, commits and the vcs operations. Every
branch has its own list of commits and each commit has its own file system
snapshot. The vcs works with two file system snapshots: initialSnapshot and
activeSnapshot. When creating a new commit, they contain the same files and
directories. Every operation is executed on activeSnapshot. Let's say the
current commit is called A, there were some changes made to the activeSnapshot
and a new commit B is created. The file system snapshot for the commit A is
changed to initialSnapshot (which contains the files the commit had when it
was created), the file system snapshot for the commit B is changed to
activeSnapshot (because it contains the changes made) and the initialSnapshot
of the vcs is also changed to the activeSnapshot. When these changes are done,
the commit is added in the list of commits for the current branch and the head
pointer is moved onto that commit. When rolling back or checking out to another
commit, the head pointer is moved onto the corresponding commit and the
initialSnapshot and activeSnapshot are changed to the file system snapshot of
the newer commit.
